README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
![Title](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3524319-1fff-40d1-8fe9-9d07833f8887)

SlimeRanks is a powerful and flexible Minecraft plugin that allows server owners to create fully customizable ranks. These ranks can be displayed in the tab list, chat, and above players' heads to enhance the gaming experience.

[![Modrinth](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/available/modrinth_vector.svg)](https://modrinth.com/plugin/slimeranks)
[![Hangar](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/available/hangar_vector.svg)](https://hangar.papermc.io/Lxca/SlimeRanks)
<br>
<img alt="paper" height="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/supported/paper_vector.svg">
<img alt="purpur" height="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/supported/purpur_vector.svg">

</div>

## ✨ Features
- 🔹 **Custom Ranks:** Create unlimited ranks with unique names, colors, and styles.  
- 📜 **Flexible Display Options:** Show ranks in the tab list, chat, and above players' heads.  
- 🖼️ **Rank Icons:** Optionally assign custom textures or images to represent each rank visually in the game.  
- 🖥️ **User-Friendly GUI:** Easily manage ranks through an intuitive in-game interface.  
- 🔝 **Tablist Priority:** Control the order in which players appear in the tab list.  
- 🚫 **Toggle Display Locations:** Choose where ranks should be visible (e.g. only tab and chat).  
- ⚙ **Highly Configurable:** Customize nearly everything: mechanics, messages, formats, and more.  
- 🫥 **Vanish & Invisibility Support:** Name tags are hidden when players are vanished or invisible.  
- 🛡️ **Permission-Based:** Assign ranks via direct permissions or permission groups.  
- 🔁 **Multi-Loader Support:** Works seamlessly with Paper, Folia, Purpur, and more.  
- 🚀 **Always Up-To-Date:** SlimeRanks stays updated with the latest Minecraft versions.  
- 🎨 **MiniMessage + HEX Colors:** Full support for MiniMessage formatting, including HEX colors.  
- 🌐 **Multi-Language Ready:** All messages can be translated to match your server’s language.

## 🖥️ GUI Preview
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d7b7ce32-deed-45e5-a91a-ed0ef10eb640" alt="Rank Overview GUI" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2170ffed-6e74-4279-9031-e9ef54aa2ffa" alt="Edit Rank GUI" />

## 🖼️ Display examples
### 1. **Chat**
<p>The first picture doesn't use a custom rank texture, while the second one does.</p>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e8b3ed68-748f-4e10-9456-8172dcf06d36" width="350" alt="Chat example with default rank display" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1408daf3-5400-4d5c-ad19-82af7921350a" width="350" alt="Chat example with custom texture" />  

### 2. **Tablist**
<p>The first picture doesn't use a custom rank texture, while the second one does.</p>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bb90a14a-8dde-4d51-bbea-d8bfc488b8b3" width="350" alt="Tablist example with default rank display" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e07e2261-56f6-4a59-aedb-84b31fa02fc9" width="350" alt="Tablist example with custom texture" />  

### 3. **Nametag**
<p>The first picture doesn't use a custom rank texture, while the second one does.</p>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/00ed1f42-817d-4e00-8fa2-ade9dbd348d8" width="350" alt="Nametag example with default rank display" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc83e09d-e3af-4294-9340-2e31a65ed8be" width="350" alt="Nametag example with custom texture" />  

## 📥 Installation
1. Download the latest version of `SlimeRanks`.
2. Move the `.jar` file into your server’s `plugins` folder.
3. Restart the server to load the plugin.
4. Create and configure your ranks using the in-game GUI or configuration files.

<p>You can find more detailed information in our documentation:</p>

[![GitBook Documentation](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/documentation/gitbook_vector.svg)](https://wiki.slimeventure.net/slimeranks/getting-started#how-to-configure-slimeranks)

## 🛠 Commands & Permissions
| Command | Description | Permission |
| -------- | ------- | ------- |
| `/slimeranks about` | Displays information about SlimeRanks. | `slimeranks.admin` |
| `/slimeranks gui` | Opens the GUI to manage all ranks. | `slimeranks.admin` |
| `/slimeranks help` | Shows all available commands. | `slimeranks.admin` |
| `/slimeranks reload` | Reloads the plugin configurations. | `slimeranks.admin` |

## 🫱 Partner
[![ZAP-Hosting AD](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b9f5e63-dead-4228-98f7-e75dbe442c06)](https://zap-hosting.com/slimeranks)

Commit message:

Add roadmap section to README
Added a roadmap section with a link to the public roadmap for SlimeRanks.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
![Title](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3524319-1fff-40d1-8fe9-9d07833f8887)

SlimeRanks is a powerful and flexible Minecraft plugin that allows server owners to create fully customizable ranks. These ranks can be displayed in the tab list, chat, and above players' heads to enhance the gaming experience.

[![Modrinth](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/available/modrinth_vector.svg)](https://modrinth.com/plugin/slimeranks)
[![Hangar](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/available/hangar_vector.svg)](https://hangar.papermc.io/Lxca/SlimeRanks)
<br>
<img alt="paper" height="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/supported/paper_vector.svg">
<img alt="purpur" height="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/supported/purpur_vector.svg">

</div>

## ✨ Features
- 🔹 **Custom Ranks:** Create unlimited ranks with unique names, colors, and styles.  
- 📜 **Flexible Display Options:** Show ranks in the tab list, chat, and above players' heads.  
- 🖼️ **Rank Icons:** Optionally assign custom textures or images to represent each rank visually in the game.  
- 🖥️ **User-Friendly GUI:** Easily manage ranks through an intuitive in-game interface.  
- 🔝 **Tablist Priority:** Control the order in which players appear in the tab list.  
- 🚫 **Toggle Display Locations:** Choose where ranks should be visible (e.g. only tab and chat).  
- ⚙ **Highly Configurable:** Customize nearly everything: mechanics, messages, formats, and more.  
- 🫥 **Vanish & Invisibility Support:** Name tags are hidden when players are vanished or invisible.  
- 🛡️ **Permission-Based:** Assign ranks via direct permissions or permission groups.  
- 🔁 **Multi-Loader Support:** Works seamlessly with Paper, Folia, Purpur, and more.  
- 🚀 **Always Up-To-Date:** SlimeRanks stays updated with the latest Minecraft versions.  
- 🎨 **MiniMessage + HEX Colors:** Full support for MiniMessage formatting, including HEX colors.  
- 🌐 **Multi-Language Ready:** All messages can be translated to match your server’s language.

## 🗺️ Roadmap

Want to see what’s planned for the future of SlimeRanks?  
Check out the public roadmap here:

👉 **[SlimeRanks Roadmap](https://app.todoist.com/public/project/roadmap-6f3xwMjFm44225R6?public_key=dbd7eaad-451c-4cd4-8032-2422f12459c7)**

## 🖥️ GUI Preview
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d7b7ce32-deed-45e5-a91a-ed0ef10eb640" alt="Rank Overview GUI" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2170ffed-6e74-4279-9031-e9ef54aa2ffa" alt="Edit Rank GUI" />

## 🖼️ Display examples
### 1. **Chat**
<p>The first picture doesn't use a custom rank texture, while the second one does.</p>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e8b3ed68-748f-4e10-9456-8172dcf06d36" width="350" alt="Chat example with default rank display" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1408daf3-5400-4d5c-ad19-82af7921350a" width="350" alt="Chat example with custom texture" />  

### 2. **Tablist**
<p>The first picture doesn't use a custom rank texture, while the second one does.</p>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bb90a14a-8dde-4d51-bbea-d8bfc488b8b3" width="350" alt="Tablist example with default rank display" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e07e2261-56f6-4a59-aedb-84b31fa02fc9" width="350" alt="Tablist example with custom texture" />  

### 3. **Nametag**
<p>The first picture doesn't use a custom rank texture, while the second one does.</p>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/00ed1f42-817d-4e00-8fa2-ade9dbd348d8" width="350" alt="Nametag example with default rank display" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc83e09d-e3af-4294-9340-2e31a65ed8be" width="350" alt="Nametag example with custom texture" />  

## 📥 Installation
1. Download the latest version of `SlimeRanks`.
2. Move the `.jar` file into your server’s `plugins` folder.
3. Restart the server to load the plugin.
4. Create and configure your ranks using the in-game GUI or configuration files.

<p>You can find more detailed information in our documentation:</p>

[![GitBook Documentation](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/compact/documentation/gitbook_vector.svg)](https://wiki.slimeventure.net/slimeranks/getting-started#how-to-configure-slimeranks)

## 🛠 Commands & Permissions
| Command | Description | Permission |
| -------- | ------- | ------- |
| `/slimeranks about` | Displays information about SlimeRanks. | `slimeranks.admin` |
| `/slimeranks gui` | Opens the GUI to manage all ranks. | `slimeranks.admin` |
| `/slimeranks help` | Shows all available commands. | `slimeranks.admin` |
| `/slimeranks reload` | Reloads the plugin configurations. | `slimeranks.admin` |

## 🫱 Partner
[![ZAP-Hosting AD](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6b9f5e63-dead-4228-98f7-e75dbe442c06)](https://zap-hosting.com/slimeranks)
